Local signon testing (#79)
alphagov/govuk-knowledge-graph-search: signon-mock/Readme.md

# signon-mock

signon-mock is a local mock server that simulates the behavior of a resource server in the OAuth2 protocol. It is an Express application running on port 3005, designed to allow local development with Govsearch.

## Features

- Replicates the behavior of a resource server in the OAuth2 protocol
- Uses nunjucks templates for rendering the authorisation page (displays only a link)
- Compatible with Govsearch for local development
- Supports local Redis using Docker and Docker Compose

## Usage

1. In a shell:

```shell

> $ docker-compose up redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker-compose up redis
```

```

2. In another tab:

```shell

> $ npm run local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install local
npm run local
```

```

3. In another tab:

```shell

> $ cd signon-mock
> $ npm run dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd signon-mock
npm run dev
```

```

> 4. Open your browser and navigate to `localhost:8080` to initiate the OAuth2 authorisation process. Make sure to check if a cookie was created in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open your browser and navigate to `localhost:8080` to initiate the OAuth2 authorisation process. Check that a cookie called `connect.sid` was created in the browser.
```

## Logging out with `/reauth`

1. Obtain the user ID from either the shell logs or the Redis store (see section below).
2. Open the following URL in your browser, replacing `<userId>` with the actual user ID:

```
http://localhost:3005/reauth/<userId>
```

3. Verify that you are prompted to log into Govsearch again when attempting to access it and that the session associated with the user ID was deleted from the Redis store

## Testing the Redis Entries

1. Install Redis using Homebrew (if not already installed):

```shell

> $ brew install redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
brew install redis
```

```

2. Connect to the Redis server (ensure Redis is runnin in Docker, see "usage" section above)

```shell

> $ redis-cli -h localhost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
redis-cli -h localhost
```

```

3. Retrieve all keys:

```shell

> $ KEYS *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KEYS *
```

```

4. Retrieve the value for a key:

```shell

> $ GET <session-key>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GET <session-key>
```

> ```

Reviewer: It would be helpful to mention `flushall` in this section.

Author: Good idea, added
